on this edition of steve's cooking i'm
gonna show you in english classic fish
and chips
[Music]
we're gonna be making some fish and
chips and I love fish and chips
especially with mushy peas so first off
just roughly dices shelach a little bit
of garlic next that butter to a pan add
you shall arts and cook until soft
when softened add garlic and cook for 2
minutes add pista boiling water and cook
until tender add ingredients to a
blender lid on and pulse for 30 seconds
add some of the cooking water to loosen
up the peas season with salt ground
black pepper a squeeze of lemon juice
and bliss for extra flavor add fresh
mint to the peas so they have a quick
delicious mushy peas next peel your
potatoes and your chips should be always
nice and chunky and thick put the chips
in water for 30 minutes to remove the
starch for the batter a cold water beer
some yeast and mix well now gradually
add in the flour and whisk
now leaving a warm place for around 30
minutes to allow the yeast to ferment a
chips to paper towel and pat dry when
the oil reaches 275 Blanchett chips 5 to
6 minutes put your chips on some paper
towel and by doing this it'll make them
nice and fluffy can you see all these
bubbles the yeast has done his magic and
this will make the batter really crispy
I'm gonna be even some Oliver yes it's
expensive but well worth it
and if you can't find a little bit you
can use haddock card place skate and
Pollock next pass the fish through the
flour and batter when the oil reaches
350 add your fish and cook 6 to 7
minutes look at that beauty look how
crispy that is at the same temperature
at the chips and cook until golden brown
and crispy
so there you have it an English classic
delicious fish and chips with mushy peas
so first you add your vinegar get it on
there just a little bit on your fish a
little sprinkle of salt a little bit on
your fish mmm look at that fish
gorgeous some of the mushy peas on that
fish some of these chips